It was aight o'clock in the morning,
and the red hot sun was burning bright.
The sky was blue, and the air dry.
As it was already heating up.
Just when he woke up
the lazy boy heard his mother call.
"Yes... I'm awake! I'll be down soon,
just give me one minute!" he replied.
His pet, a black cat, was sitting near the leg of the bed.
As if he wanted to say: "Goodmorning".
"I have no time to play with you now", said the boy.
"I need to go to the bathroom to take a shower and wash my self".
When the little boy came downstairs for breakfast,
his father was sitting at the table near the window.
He was eating some food, and drinking a cup of yellow lemon tea.
Mother was singing with her beautiful and pure voice.
She tried not to miss out a single note.